---
title: Origins
layout: page
permalink: /origins
---

This archive is the culmination of so many projects, ideas, and practices that came before it. 

<div class="sketchfab-embed-wrapper"> <iframe title="Cabinet of Critique" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; xr-spatial-tracking" xr-spatial-tracking execution-while-out-of-viewport execution-while-not-rendered web-share src="https://sketchfab.com/models/c5a250d89e494807be1f7a740257bc2a/embed"> </iframe> <p style="font-size: 13px; font-weight: normal; margin: 5px; color: #4A4A4A;"> <a href="https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/cabinet-of-critique-c5a250d89e494807be1f7a740257bc2a?utm_medium=embed&utm_campaign=share-popup&utm_content=c5a250d89e494807be1f7a740257bc2a" target="_blank" rel="nofollow" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;"> Cabinet of Critique </a> by <a href="https://sketchfab.com/ashipp2?utm_medium=embed&utm_campaign=share-popup&utm_content=c5a250d89e494807be1f7a740257bc2a" target="_blank" rel="nofollow" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;"> ashipp2 </a> on <a href="https://sketchfab.com?utm_medium=embed&utm_campaign=share-popup&utm_content=c5a250d89e494807be1f7a740257bc2a" target="_blank" rel="nofollow" style="font-weight: bold; color: #1CAAD9;">Sketchfab</a></p></div>

The very first project that I created in conjunction with this larger project was called the "Cabinet of Critique". This was designed to be a commentary on the origins of the cabinet of curiosity, or "kunstkammer". Cabinets of Curiosities, Cabinets of Wonder, or Wunderkammer originated in the late 16th century as collections curated by the elite to showcase their travels and explorations of exotic places and specimens. What began as a collection for status and artistic exploration developed into the early scientific specimen collections that are seen in museums today. Cabinets of curiosities were the original micro museums.
In order to challenge our preconceptions of what it means for something to be “art” and something to be “science,” and where ethics stand in the creation, acquisition, and interpretation of those, the project was designed to both frame and dissect the environmental feminism movement through a cabinet of curiosities style platform. By approaching the central topic through a variety of lines, a more complex image and critique– of both the connection between the environment and feminism and of cabinets of curiosity – can be created. Designed to act as a micromuseum and collection of case studies, the cabinet's main goal was to unpack the ethical implications of creating a collection such as this. 
